Today, I have a coding interview question and a question asked by Google, Amazon and Facebook, and
this question is called intersection of two areas.
So in this problem, we are given two areas and we need to determine where they intersect to solve this
problem.
We will use a data structure called set, so let's get right to it to solve this problem.
You're looking at a function called intersection, which takes to areas containing numbers.
And we need to return the elements that both areas share, the results must be unique and can be in
any order.
So we have to design an algorithm where we use set because set only stores unique values.
If we try to store duplicate values and set, then it will get only added once.
So all that's asking is which elements are shared between the two entities?
Let me explain.
All right.
So let's check which elements are shared between the two areas.
So here we have for you all also have four here.
So for this.
Repeated multiple times.
So why is there one here?
So four, that's a seven.
Yes, it's shared as many times as well.
And then again, we have a for which we've already gone through, so you can see there's many repeating
elements.
So the best way we can avoid that and just get unique elements is by using a set.
OK, so for each area, we have its own set.
So I'll explain why.
So first, we're going to look through this area and try to store all of them, all the values into
the set.
So let's go to the first element, which is for.
OK, you've taught that one is taught that we try to store for, but you cannot store it because it's
already there.
OK, so then move on to seven, so it's seven in the morning, it will get stored and then four but
four is already on the sets.
Even if you try to set it, it will it will not get into the set.
Then we go on to the second area and we're going to look to this area and try to see if any of these
elements are in our first.
And the reason why we have the intersection set here, we've created another set here is because we
only want to store unique values.
So let's go on to the first element in the second period, so seven is seven in the first set.
Yes, it is right here.
So we're going to store it for the first set.
Yes, it is.
It's in the first six there, they're no just four there, so four is there, and we're going to try
to add it to the set again.
But remember, the set will not duplicate values.
So there we go on to this element.
Seven is seven in the set in the first set.
But you already have a number of intersections at.
And then you go on to four is for the first.
Yes, it is, but we already have four here as well.
So all we've got to do is return this intersection set.
But remember, what our function actually wants to return is an area.
So how we can do this in JavaScript, you can just do every.
From.
Away from what whatever you pass into a rifle, converted into an area.
So in each language you can do it differently or you could just iterate through the set and start into
an area.
So which are works for you?
All right, guys.
So here we have the function called interest section, and it takes to areas.
And all we have to do is we have to find the common elements between both areas.
So all we have to do is find the common elements between both areas.
So what that means is the intersection of the two arrays.
OK, so the first thing we're going to do is we're going to create a set.
So we're going to name this the first set because we want to get all the unique elements from the first
area into this set.
So we're going to.
Iterate over the first area, so for lack number of nums one, which is our first area we're going to
add.
Each number.
From the area one into the first set, so let's take this here as an example.
So.
This is our first area, so we're going to add one in to the set, then we're going to intercept.
Then we go out again to do a first set.
But remember, set only stores unique values.
It does not store duplicate values.
So even though we try to add it, it's not going to get store.
Then we add one the last element into the first set and we're done.
So the first set, it pretty much has.
One and two, that's what it has the first.
Then what we want to find is what is the common element between the first and the second area since
we already have?
The unique elements of the first area were first set.
Now we can look through the secondary.
So that's why we have created the intersection set so that we can collect all the common elements into
it.
So then we're going to iterate through the secondary.
So we're going to check if the first set has the number.
The first element from the second area, so the second area is right here in our example.
So the first element is to.
Does the first set contain two?
Yes, it does, so it's going to add it to the intersection said.
And then we're going to go to the next element.
We're going to go and look through the next element in the second area, which is going to be to so
does the first set.
Contained to yes, it does.
So we're going to add it to the intersection.
But remember, it's only going to add to only once.
So let me try to add it the second time.
It's not going to store it in the.
So then all you're going to do is we're going to return the area, which will contain only two, so
we can overturn the intercept.
We can overturn a set rate we want to return.
And so the JavaScript we need to do is return every dot from.
They said, that's it.
So we're going to return from the set.
And that's all so the output will be.
An area which contains two, and that is our common element between both areas, the common element
is only two between these two areas and that's it.
So if you have any questions, then let me know in the comments and I will get back to you.